But of course there is another important question;
we now have I have a rough idea of why we need tests
and we know that tests are code
that then tests our Abra code,
but where do we write this code
and how do we execute this testing code?
For this, we need some extra tools and an extra setup.
And um, specifically we need a tool
for running our testing code
and for asserting the results.
So for determining whether some result can be seen
as a success, or if a test failed with a given result,
we need a tool that does debt.
And then in our react app, we also need a way
of simulating of rendering our react app and components
for those automated tests to then interact with them.
So we need to simulate the browser, so to say.
Now, for the first part for running our testing code
and asserting the results, we typically use Jest.
It's not the only tool for this job
but it's very popular, especially for react
and it's easy to use.
Now for simulating and rendering our components
and the react app,
we typically use the react testing library these days.
And both these tools are already installed
and set up for you,
when you work in a project
created with create react app.
Here, I got such an example, project.
You'll also fined this project attached
and in there we'll have a look at the code later.
If we have a look at package jason
we see those testing library packages,
which are part of this project.
And I did not install those.
They were part of a newly created react project,
created with create react app automatically;
out of the box.
Now, what we don't see here is jest
we only see this jest-dom testing library, sub package
but I can tell you that it's also
part of this project, just as a dependency
of one of those other dependencies, basically.
And therefore, in such a brand new project
like the one which you find attached,
everything is already set up for you to run your tests,
and therefore that's what we're going to do next.
We're going to run our first test
and understand how that works.